tell me what you want to ask me come on We have to
complete the challenge yes I want to
know several things let's start slow
slow with the challenge But this is abstract
too Lili starts the extract here
but I don't know I don't know if the extract well it
could be it depends we could put
a bike the title is Javi Oliveira
talking in the third person about you how to
organize like good I do it I do it
if people gain visits by putting jav in the
title because I don't pum pum let's see
Javi Oliveira tell us Let's see tell me come on let's
start slow tell us let's
see eh eh how much more or less how much
was your first salary as a forklift driver more
or less and in what year are we talking
eh the salary as a forklift driver was or rather
the salary that I had in the company
where I worked was 90000 and with the
overtime for Maybe I think that the
maximum that I earned in a month was 100 100 around
there but in what year are we more or less
when did you start in that company I started
in the  2008 and I was there until the
2nd, around 10 years. Yes, yes, yes. I mean, well, no, no, no, I
even think that in 2008, no, eh. No, no, no,
2008, no, because in 2008
I started with Lorena, of course, that's true, and
I was already
working at that company, no, no,
2000, 2006 or so, eh, 2006 or so,
9,900, 900 euros, of course, bad overtime,
overtime was five bucks, ugh.
Of course, we're talking about years ago, of
course. No, no, that's the reality of life. That's the
reality of life. Okay, now
my. Well, yeah, it's not that okay.
So, in those years, you were with
another girlfriend, eh. Yes, of course, when I started
that company, I had another girlfriend,
tell us a little more, I shouldn't have
told you, right? You're going to ask about
her, it's
not worth it, what do you want to know? What do you want to
know? No, of course, I hadn't talked about an
anonymous person, of course, no, no, no, okay. How many
years did this relationship last,
eh, almost two, what are you doing to calculate, let's
see if it makes sense or not?  s Yes of course almost
2008 Lorena I mean we can say
we can say that always or almost
since you have use of reason and
use of what is
m use use have you been in a relationship
Eh well let's see of course eh in a relationship
no no no no e like relationship like that
longer they are more Yes yes but and previously
How old
were you before of course of course it's that I look
very young right But man of course
realize that there I already had if we are
talking about
2006 we are not talking Ah yeah Of
course I was 21 of course 21 of course 25 21 of
course it seems that not eh but of course I am already Of
course I am 40 that I will turn 40
next year of course your first
stable relationship So to speak and it
began at
21 Yes let's see I have had other girlfriends before
but maybe they lasted two months
three
Poor things they left me eh
They left you
and let's see actually not all of them Let's see it's that in
reality they are not that many
eh I mean girlfriend girlfriend girlfriend that I
would call girlfriend Only but apart from this
other two when more  boy of course two others
and they were months even weeks
weeks one one one relationship I broke up with
her and another one they left me and also that other one
that left me was twice I fell for it
twice eh And the rest was a lot of nonsense much
many l was a little toxic not the one of
falling for it twice
eh a little stupid me of course a little stupid
me the boy things the
boy things and and what was it that made you fall in love with
Lorena eh No Lorena I always liked her
no no this is not the question what
was it that made you fall in love with Lorena we are
talking about a big word it's not worth
liking
e no but of course let's see It's that I've
always liked her since I was a kid I
knew her from the neighborhood And at the time she
was a friend of the girlfriend of a friend of mine of
one of my best friends and then
she had a partner and I saw her and I
loved her you know it drove me crazy I
went crazy I was always I
saw her doing silly things and all that and the whole
thing until it happened I don't know no eh it's
like having another one the previous girlfriend you
did silly things to Lore  Yes yes yes oh
yes there was an overlap there a
[Music]
unclear let's see He was a bit of a scoundrel, I uh he
was a bit
[Music]
scoundrel if I had if I had had if I had
uh a
YouTube channel what stories would there be there uh what
gossip Eh if that had existed uh I
mean since when have you known Lorena since you
were How many men well I
can know her since the year Well I think
since the year I can know her I don't know
maybe 2003 2002 2004 around there yes yes yes
and she was the girlfriend of one of your best friends
I love those stories I'm so no no
she was her friend she was a friend of the
girlfriend best friend of the girlfriend of a good
friend of mine and then I knew her from
that sometimes she came to accompany her
friend and I loved her when I saw her I
loved her from the first moment and you
at first no no no Of course you have
seen my photos no yes but
well Oh let's
see of course let's see I don't know How it came about
because also let's see well it came about I don't know
the truth I don't know  It came up Because suddenly I
started to catch her attention
suddenly I started to catch her attention
she told it
to her friend that friend became
my best friend
eh well over time she became my best friend that
girl yes yes
became my best friend I was even
the godfather of her son and all that stuff and and of
course my friend told me [ __ ]
Well she told me this and then I
went there to start throwing down
I was kind of shy with the other one
too and she was also kind of cutting loose in her relationship of course
and then I
threw it there I started to work of course
what I don't remember literally How how it
happened because it happened but I would
probably force it the machinery
of course have you ever thought about in
recent times or in recent years have you
ever considered or has it crossed your
mind to quit YouTube no way
that possibility doesn't exist have you understood
my question In the sense Well I
understood your answer perfect in the
sense at some point in the
last few years or well I'm talking to you for 10 years
now at some point that something
has  overwhelmed because whatever has happened
or there are obviously worse days and you
say Look, ugh, eh No, what's going on with me, not a
few things have overwhelmed me
from here, eh, the most that I have been able to
overcome was to see
overcome, there was a separation with
a friend that I had from here on YouTube
and we were very united and because of
misunderstandings or well because of things that
happen we did not separate and that was
something that I had a really bad time with,
but overcome
overcome is that I do not care about
almost anything they say about me Marina
really Because you have to
take things, it's who comes, I mean, what is it that what is it that they
can say to me
that could overwhelm me, man,
at some point, at some point, yes, I have
seen, now no, but years ago,
like clips and things that I have said, God,
I don't know if I could put up with certain things, you
know, since they touch on my most personal,
family part and I say yes, Look, there was once when they
made some threats to show
Lorena some screenshots in which I
was telling her a  a couple of nonsense to
a youtuber okay it was one night
we were drunk that of course that night we
were drunk me when this in
confidence with you talking on WhatsApp
that I use Maybe a lot of nonsense
too like affection Yes of course Yes and the
but yes it's true that those
conversations are there okay from one
specific night I was
drunk I was with Lorena that It was like
about two or three weeks or four
weeks I don't know it was a streak that
we were quite bad that in that
last year it happened like several times in some
in some months eh and I went out with some
friends in Barcelona and there were those
conversations with which they tried to
get me pregnant threatened okay And
then I got really outraged but
not as such because of what they could
show Lorena Lorena already knew but
I got really outraged because of the intention
you know so I did the live here where
I insulted and then they have
condemned me for those insults not that it is being
appealed because of course for my
taste you have to understand the context
no
e but so something that they can take from me
is that I have nothing that I
could be ashamed of so that tomorrow  I
can't open Stream you understand me, I mean I have
n't killed anyone I haven't raped
anyone no no I haven't stolen I haven't done
anything you understand me and you believe and come on this is the
last thing and and sometimes because of or rather because of
pride on a public level you would ask
two questions in one you would ask if it
were up to you and this might not be public and
the significance that it would be to have of all the
people that are on YouTube both on a
heart level and in the
census issue would be like in general you would ask
someone for forgiveness and do you think that someone
should ask you for forgiveness right now or I
know that they have to ask me for forgiveness of
course let's see, forgiveness has to be
felt no forgiveness has to be felt
but to ask for forgiveness to ask for forgiveness that
someone asks me for forgiveness because because it Because it
feels good and I forgive who do I have to ask for forgiveness I
mean
when I have to ask for forgiveness Aries I have
done it So no no I never have
anyone pending to ask for forgiveness
because when I have had to ask for forgiveness I have
done it almost always the next day
or weeks later or when
things cool off you understand but now
myself I think I'm super at peace
asking for forgiveness from anyone asking for forgiveness from
me of course a lot of people there are a
lot of people who are is that I have
been good to and they have not responded in
the same way and and even after not
having responded in the same way eh they
continue
behaving with very little shame for my
taste you know but whoever doesn't feel it
I don't want them either
anyway I also tell you one thing There are
many people who right now are not
part of my life that maybe they
should forgive me but the thing is that I don't
want them because why do I want
forgiveness from someone with whom I am already
hermetically closed off that I would not care about
forgiveness you are not going to be
around me again you understand So yes of
course I consider that there are a lot of
people who could owe me forgiveness
but I would not forgive them either surely I would
say Yes I forgive you because of course I
have something that I resent a little
now one thing is that I forgive you
because I don't care maybe you
are reminding me of it when you are
asking me for forgiveness and another thing is that you are going to be around
again  my arredo do you
understand me So why And why do you
think so many people have you as The
boss the bad guy the bad guy of YouTube why
If they had me as the bad guy, it doesn't
stop some, for some people Eh Look,
for example, today we've been talking about
how even after what came out yesterday
that exploded on Twitter, I have to turn off the alarm
Eh, even after what
came out yesterday, there are people who are
defending the abuse of a minor for
contradicting me, I mean, that's already the the the
maximum level. I thought it
was the ceiling, right? I thought the ceiling
was with Loli Huerta's cancer,
but the
240 thing. But today the
new ceiling has been broken. No, there are still
tweets coming out from people who have come out
like supporting the person who
is being exposed, who is being
criticized, no,
so for me, those people
think that I'm the bad guy, yeah, no, no, it's not that you are, it's not that you are, it's that
a lot of people have that rage towards you, that
hate all the time, I mean, why?
Because we all make mistakes, you, me, and
everyone  but look for me the people who
are saying right now that I'm the
bad one or that I'm bad or those we're
seeing Ho on Twitter for example No, I'm
happy and proud that those people
are against me, I wouldn't want them on
the same side as me, you know
why, well, there's envy, there's
anger, there are some who
simply because they have been by
my side very well and then when I
have distanced myself from them they are not so well and
then it's like resentment, not
having removed them from my life then there
's also a lot of envy or the or or or
I don't know or that they are simply like that a
person who knows what I'm telling you how are you
that is on the side of these people for
me of course they are like that they are not the same No,
why do you think, I think that basically it
has the factor of what you have said
also of
I think that part of what it is of I
speak to you from the heart part part a
small percentage comes from what
Antonio David did, a little bit, not from the change
of opinion but from having a
more critical position part eh of course they come from
some channels eh from those that before  well
but they have been spreading out on their
own and now they are in the end they are
all here around No no it was not bad Javi
No of course of course of course
and then there is an obsessive stalker part
247 that I don't know how they manage to
have 24 hours free for each moment
it twists it is that I can't I mean I
can't understand it and I say [ __ ] I
see it and I say Javier his things well as we
have all you may like more or less
Such I say but I am not able after
two years here or to see things or to
perceive all that they say man I say I don't
understand it sincerely it exists
Look there are some that are Look there are
people I mean at the level of youtubers they are either
because I have removed them here from
my life and maybe they are not doing so
well or because I have left them bad with
any thing I have put them I have made
a criticism at the time in fact it
happens a lot that when you reach agreements
of not mentioning each other I don't know how much and
they continue they continue watching in the morning
to see How much audience have you had if
you have you know that type there are people who
get up in the  tomorrow thinking about Javi
Oliveira people with accounts people with it's
nice of course people with accounts dedicated
exclusively to Javil Beira people who get
up tomorrow say I'm going to see
How much audience Javil Beira has had
on live, I don't even do it e Well
for many things for many things
but
e I think that also in large part because of
that because because you have
left them in a bad way and they are affected No, it has come to you
when you started working
here people tell you Wow you're going to work
with Javi you're going to be here eh
a lot of people have come to you in what plan anonymous
and youtube I mean from the two youtubers for
example people from the platform but
like good or bad you say bad bad bad [ __ ] do
n't go with Javi I don't know what I don't know
how much yes no a lot no a lot no some No
some have come to you no And how are we doing
well but I mean no no no I don't want to tell you let's
go it's that
no I mean here we have been a year and a half
of programming I mean what we would have to see
what we would have to see with those people who
came to warn you about collaborating with
me
if when you are  By collaborating with me we
double or triple the
audience of those who came to
contact you because maybe
the answer would be there. Of course I don't
think anyone was worried about you.
Honestly they were worried about the
numbers that you could cause here here the the
obviously it's very clear that
YouTube in general in general almost all
80% has dropped but here uh it will go
for days or whatever but come on m what I
see in general the programs that we
are doing with guests Without them
with audios with exclusives Without them with
or rather the way I see it is
what sincerely what I
like the most, I mean because normally
People only comment on what they
see on TV and with their opinion and they don't
have access to more and here yes we
have it luckily then Beyond
our tandem which I like a
lot So it is an added value there are
many things So that's it It's that I
see the rest eh not inferior but at
another level in that sense So no That's
why I say that I don't watch It's that I don't watch I don't watch
I don't watch sincerely no but  not
for nothing I mean I'm not saying it out of depression
Because I'm working and I don't stop
to look if someone has more audience than
me or less audience than me because it's just that
I don't care, I mean honestly I don't
measure myself against anyone you know I know that
there are people who do measure themselves against me or
try to aspire to me I don't know I'm
telling you sincerely But not for nothing
because the time that I have is not to
stop to see the time that I have outside
of dedicating the work that I do I
don't have it available to see if to
see what audience another youtuber has
that is not part of my life and that I don't
care about you understand So I don't know what
they do if they are better if they
are worse or whatever because I only
see those who are relevant you
know I mean for example I can see
from the heart right now is that from the
heart right now No, I don't feel like watching
a video from anyone, from any youtuber I
can't tell you not from those that I
get along with you know for example it's that no I
can't tell you about any but it's that I'm
not interested in content that
any of them are doing from the heart really
not out of curiosity or curiosity  not even
to see what he does or any of them and the
gossip of the kids I already tell you or rather
a fact take a look at the
youtubers that I'm going to talk about, notice
that of the channels that there are, the one
related to Teresa, to SEO and
the gentlemen, the ones that I watch the most are the
freaks of the Adam family because they
are the ones we see here and we
comment and we laugh here but of those
that talk about the heart and TL And I don't know
anything about any of them, I don't know about some
sometimes they've sent me a clp host, he doesn't
even know that this man was still doing
things on YouTube, I thought he had
disappeared I'm telling you sincerely, eh It
's not because I don't talk to them or
anything like that, no, no, yes, yes, yes,
but then they send me clicks that they
all know about me, eh, they all know about me or about
telesalseo things about what happens
around, for example the other day, no,
when that thing happened, what was it, that we
had the bad luck of being
unlucky at the moment when it was
told, not the whole issue was the  topic of
the week for everyone, the one who didn't throw a
barb threw two you know but not because they
care about the person themselves but to go
against no no no no there are people who didn't even
talk to her of course there are people who didn't even
talk to her who spoke out
like no no no you're speaking out for
her as such you're speaking out for
yourself and here it was done here
self-criticism was done here it was acknowledged like it
wasn't the day but no it wasn't the day not
consciously Also because it wasn't
done consciously at all let's go
you who I think I see that there is something
relevant such and I'm going to take it and I'm going to
start saying nothing I have nothing else to
do let's go like Hey but the chat
hasn't asked anything yet to finish and
move on to the next topic the chat hasn't
asked anything they haven't stayed to
themselves no no they have doubts it's that I haven't
seen Jo I can't see it and I who
love ch that you don't V that you don't
see the chat Let's see dolores what is your
question but dolores hasn't become a
member yet Hey dolores Ask her
about the
trans experience but if  that I have videos no But
what did you do I hooked up with a
trans person who by the way when I told it the
other day they were still calling me
transphobic for telling it it's [ __ ] up that
's right Marina you are a
precious asset to telesalseo Javi we
love you very much let him know a kiss
Manuela beautiful a kiss Manuela How nice
I asked and you didn't answer we haven't I haven't
seen it let's see come on a little
question and we'll go eh a little
question and and we'll go to another topic
that we're not leaving yet that I would like
well another day another day there will be another round
eh Hey but it's wrong no no no it's very
good ha it's very good I see abstract
eh Javi Oliveira speaks He's sincere like
never before no Javi Oliveira is sincere about
his breakup with no Javi Oliveira gives
a bracano live and causes a stir
look at him how cute your dead the
freshest ones Carmen has put me you
train Carmen But what's wrong with you but
Carmen cont Carmen not from training a lot
Carmen But why Carmen Says Carmen you
train your dead the freshest ones
but that comment there Carmen per there
of Oh contte tomorrow comes out  Javi's ex
tomorrow the ex will come out well be careful because
if there are people who are looking for my sister's ex-boyfriends
imagine mine strange that she has never gone out
to see me I don't have that many I already
said it and the ones that are are not very and such
man cese sese yodi but cese yodi
has moved to this channel no longer
officially before I was green she has
moved like with
c ces yodi before she was like like
very against me But lately
I see her in the chat I can't read it's in the
chat no